Update readme (#349)
ubuntu/yaru_widgets.dart: README.md

## What is this?

A set of convenient widgets made with `material.dart` to easily build desktop and web applications.

> Design references are the [Ubuntu yaru gnome themes](https://github.com/ubuntu/yaru) and Canonicals [vanilla framework](https://vanillaframework.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design references are the [Ubuntu Yaru theme suite](https://github.com/ubuntu/yaru) and the [Vanilla framework](https://vanillaframework.io/) by Canonical.
```

So `yaru_widgets.dart` uses the completeness and the level of polish `material.dart` has and adds a set of widgets to it that are useful (but not necessarily the only way) to build desktop and web applications so they all have a consistent look and use the same design patterns.

## Tested themes

> Themes inside [`yaru.dart`](https://github.com/ubuntu/yaru.dart) are the only material themes tested with yaru_widgets and we do not currently recommend to use any other themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themes inside [`yaru.dart`](https://github.com/ubuntu/yaru.dart) are the only Material themes tested with yaru_widgets and we do not currently recommend to use any other themes.
```
